CIE-5635 - Add caution note for SELinux configuration (#5001)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/edge/installing-edge-bundle/install-edge-with-c8yedge-cli.md

For example, you could install and customize Edge on a VM in your development environment. You can then then hand-off a self-contained VM image to be installed at a remote site in a reliable and reproducable way.
{{< /c8y-admon-info >}}

{{< c8y-admon-caution >}}
**Host security hardening**

> {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Edge (c8yedge) also supports hosts with standard SELinux to the extent supported by [K3s](https://docs.k3s.io/advanced#selinux-support).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installing {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Edge with c8yedge also supports hosts with standard SELinux to the extent supported by [K3s](https://docs.k3s.io/advanced#selinux-support).
```
current wording could be read as conflating "Cumulocity Edge" (the product) with "c8yedge" (the specific tool)

> Additional host hardening, such as custom SELinux policies, AppArmor, Smack, fapolicyd, or similar controls, is the customer's responsibility. These host-specific security mechanisms can interfere with Kubernetes, the container runtime, or networking required by c8yedge. Validate your hardened environment to facilitate c8yedge operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional host hardening, such as custom SELinux policies, AppArmor, Smack, fapolicyd, or similar controls, is the customer's responsibility. These host-specific security mechanisms can interfere with Kubernetes, the container runtime, or networking required by c8yedge. 
```
I'm keen to remove the slightest thing that implies there is a procedure for this that we can help with.

The offline package can be used for either an initial installation, or an upgrade of an existing installation. You need to transfer this file, as well as the c8yedge tool, into your airgapped environment.

{{< c8y-admon-caution >}}

> **SELinux Configuration Responsibility**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**SELinux configuration responsibility**
```

> If SELinux is enabled, ensuring all required configurations are in place for K3s is strictly the customer's responsibility. SELinux introduces host-specific variables like `fapolicyd`, custom policies, and dynamic context labeling that our tooling cannot fully account for. Customers must properly prepare and validate their SELinux environment prior to deploying {{< company-c8y >}} Edge (c8yedge).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If SELinux is enabled, it is the customer's responsibility to ensure that all required configurations are in place for K3s. SELinux introduces host-specific variables such as `fapolicyd`, custom policies, and dynamic context labeling that {{< company-c8y >}}'s tooling cannot fully account for. Customers must properly prepare and validate their SELinux environment prior to deploying {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Edge (c8yedge).
```

> If SELinux is enabled, it is the customer's responsibility to ensure that all required configurations are in place for K3s. SELinux introduces host-specific variables such as `fapolicyd`, custom policies, and dynamic context labeling that {{< company-c8y >}}'s tooling cannot fully account for. Customers must properly prepare and validate their SELinux environment prior to deploying {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Edge (c8yedge).

Reviewer: re: fapolicyd - this is a totally distinct mechanism to SELinux, though they can be combined.

I think this section needs to be more about security hardening in general, because there's a lot of mechanisms out there; SELinux, `fapolicyd`, AppArmour, `smackctl` etc. . The only explicit mention of SELinux should be that we have out-of-the-box support for standard SELinux configurations at least as far as k3s supports it (best to link to k3s doc here).

Author: Sure, I will make it sound generic, specifically something like this.

```
**Host security hardening**

{{< company-c8y >}} Edge (c8yedge) is supported on hosts that use standard Linux security configurations. {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Edge includes out-of-the-box support for standard SELinux configurations to the extent supported by [K3s](https://docs.k3s.io/security/selinux).

Beyond that, host security hardening is the customer's responsibility. Enterprises often enable additional controls—such as SELinux custom policies, AppArmor, Smack, `fapolicyd`, or similar mechanisms—that are host-specific and outside the scope of the c8yedge installer. These controls can block Kubernetes, container runtime, or networking operations required by Edge.

Before you install or upgrade Edge, prepare and validate your hardened host environment so that K3s and Edge can run as expected. {{< company-c8y >}} cannot account for every combination of custom policies, allowlists, or labeling rules.
```

{{< /c8y-admon-caution >}}

> 

Reviewer: This isn't really specific to airgap -  customers can and will absolutely install online in a security-hardened system. The scope is c8yedge as a whole (because for self-managed, we're not responsible for a working kubernetes!).

Author: I understand, would you be ok if we place it under https://cumulocity-iot-c8y-docs-build-pr-5001.surge.sh/edge/installing-edge/#configuring-the-environment ?

Reviewer: Yeah, that sounds pretty good! Let's see what it looks like there.
